what is up guys we're going to be
looking at the best champions for solo q
that aren't banned that often now I am
going to be doing a separate video on
like the god tier like the best I need
to roll probably next week at some point
but I wanted to do this one first and
these are the champions who are still
really really good but they have a less
than ten percent band rate meaning that
you actually have a good chance of
playing them getting them every game and
climbing with them so as always we're
going to be starting at the top of the
map and then we're going to be working
our way down and we're gonna start with
renekton the good old croc has come back
and he's so strong at the moment he has
a really really good lane phase like he
can crush a lane harder than probably
any other top laner because he just has
so much base damage and a lot of
sustained with his Q as well the
misconception that led to him kind of
having a downfall is the renekton does
nothing mid to late game and this is
completely different now partly with how
his kit scales and that was changed kind
of a little while ago but also because
of the new black cleaver he does really
really good damage mid game and he
actually does good damage late game as
well with the black cleaver and remember
that he's helping the rest of your team
especially your ad do more damage with
that black cleaver as well he's actually
really hard to gank and it's very easy
for him to 1b to people he only really
needs one damaged item but with two you
can start to one-shot people now this is
really good because it means you can
build damage in Lane and you can stomp
your lane opponent you can get a really
huge lead but then when it comes to
teamfights you're still going to be
really tanky and you can absorb a lot of
damage while killing people the reasons
why you wouldn't pick renekton I guess
is he's kind of the middle ground he's
not really an earlier at river and he
doesn't do that much damage and he's not
as tanky as am al kyosho neither now I
put this as a con but honestly is not a
massive deal he does rely on getting a
lead early but because he's renekton
because he's so good in lane and he can
crush people so well he will always
pretty much get a lead but he doesn't
need it to be effective okay so please
don't flame me okay I know I hate
playing against her on it just as much
as everyone else but she's actually
really good right now and she has a
crazy clear speed like probably faster
than anyone else and she didn't get so
much farm in the jungle and if she finds
someone in her jungle or in the enemy
jungle she will almost always win a 1v1
because she is really good at dueling
she doesn't take much damage but she
dishes out a ton now she's hard to lock
down with her ultimate and her movement
speed which means that you can't
combat summoner instead of taking flash
like an exhaust or ignite will make you
really deadly in a 1v1 situation or can
help you gank a little bit more now you
will make the enemy junglers life hell
like if he thought was bad playing
against a new new imagine shyvana comes
in she steals your buff anyway but then
she's gonna kill you afterwards at least
new do leaves right he just wattles away
he doesn't turn around and take your
life as well the thing with Shyvana is
your focus early is to farm and you want
to carry mid to late game after you
found and got a few items that is like
the biggest problem with Shyvana is she
is not a very good ganker and she can't
really help her teammates out a lot
early so it kind of relies on them
surviving you farming and then you
coming in and carrying mid game it's
kind of like a nudie you either carry
really hard or you do nothing one thing
I do want to point out though is a
really good build is cinderhulk into Bay
the ruined king it means you're really
tanky and you're really hard to kill and
Blake gives you all the damage you're
actually going to need 2 1 v1 someone so
makes you this unstoppable bees right so
next up we have an e in the mid lane and
he is kind of like okay so if Foxtrot
was a girl instead of a guy who
basically sum up our childhood jump out
of no way Dwight me in the nuts and
stung me and then run away again like
that is Annie's place so in a nutshell
that is the first thing like her stone
is really overpowered and you can have a
second son up pretty quickly if you have
some cooldown reduction as well she's
also very easy to play and pick up so if
you don't mean mid lane and he is a good
champion to have if you're forced into
that role she's really good throughout
the lane she's good in the lane phase
and can kill her opponent a lot she's
really good him in the late game as well
and can really affect a team fight with
her huge burst the really cool thing
with annie is that she's really good at
turning around games that don't look
very good she just has to get one really
good automated team fight and she can
have such a big impact and the other
side of it is that she's really good at
roaming like if your other lanes aren't
doing well then you can buy a movi boots
you can run around and some people and
get them ahead the biggest problem with
annie is that she's very very reliant on
her flash to guarantee a good altimas
she has to get distortion early really
which is a 475 gold down the drain
because she needs her flash as often as
possible the thing that kind of ties
into this as well is that she's really
not very mobile and sometimes you're
going to have to blow your flash to get
away and i can actually really hurt your
team fire potential mid game now not
that I'm
highest or anything like that but let's
move on to the best role that ad carries
are the most important role in the game
right for this one I'm going to be using
vein that vein is one of these champions
where she is only as good as you are
with her like if you are bad with vain
then you will be bad and you won't have
much of an impact in the game but if you
are really good with her then you'll
have a huge impact in the game a lot of
people are probably going to be like
wiping vein here i crush vein all day
every day and you probably do but you
probably crushed by her veins to explain
it like we'll look at the most popular
ideas right these are the top 8 popular
IDs and seven of those champions are
actually a good matchup for that either
easy or kind of medium difficulty and
can go either way the only one you're
really struggle against is going to be
grazed because he has his passive and
he's pretty tanky and also has so much
burst and can kill you before you get
enough time to kill him there's a big
reason why I put her in this list
because in three hours matchups you
should win three of them you can win if
you play it right and one of them is
just going to be really hard this covers
up her weakest phase in the game which
is her lane phase and can set you up for
a really really strong mid to late game
Fane can pretty much carry a game on her
own and as we just said her lane phase
is not as bad as you think it is the
problems with vein is that you can be
put it in lane and you can get behind
especially if the enemy support is
playing a kill Lane something a lot of
people don't think about is vein is
really weak to a wee damage in
teamfights like you have to be a little
bit closer so you're not as safe as
other IDs and AOE damage that's not
necessarily aimed at you can really harm
your damage output the final thing is
she is just one of the hardest ideas our
place she's very mechanically intensive
which means you have to make good
decisions and you have to be good
mechanically to actually pull her off a
comparing supporters is actually really
difficult because they're all kind of
good at different things but the one I
want to highlight is Nautilus here's a
really high kill potential like really
high in Lane he has really good lock
down in crowd control as well which
helps with that but part of it is just
because he's so tanky and he does a lot
of damage as well the really dumb thing
and the thing I hate about paying
against him is that he can solo the
enemy ad at early levels like if you
trade with him and leveled like two and
three you're actually probably going to
come out on top that's just his lane
phase and I think honesty is one of the
strongest kill lanes in Lane right now
but when we get to teamfights he has
really good engage and he can actually
peel really well as well the problems
with playing Nautilus is that he
only goes in like he has no off switch
and he's not read that good when he's
behind he can't do that much in a weaker
lane so you don't really want to pair
him with someone who just wants to farm
and he has like no fun playing against
sustained and no fun playing against
disengage so that wraps up the video on
the best champions I think a really good
for so lucky right now but aren't
actually banned with these kind of
videos I actually really love reading
the comments and seeing if you guys
agree or disagree or who you think is
strong and bad at the moment so make
sure you leave a couple of comments and
I'll try and reply to a few if I can and
as always I'll catch you in my next
video
Oh